1) Our group's sprint goal for Sprint1 is to complete at minimum 3 user stories and have a working UI setup that will make use of our implemented features. Additionally, we would like to make the runMove, undoMove, and saveBoard buttons work. We would also like to make sure we are properly handling GitFlow by creating branches for each feature we are implementing, and creating pull requests when we would like to push our code to the develop branch. This way our code will be cross-checked by another member. Finally, once all our implemented features are within develop, we will review the develop branch to make sure there are no bugs, and push this version into master, creating another checkpoint to review our code.  
2) All the user stories that our group worked on include: User stories 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 1.5, 1.6. We also  added User Story 1.7 which is a Save Game feature and User story 1.8 which is a Restart Game feature. During sprint 0, we discussed save game and restart features but did not add them to productBacklog.csv as we wanted to build upon their implementations. 
3) Currently we are ontrack to complete 4 user stories. Specifically, User stories 1.1: Textboxes to input moves, 1.2: Label which shows if user moves succeeded or not, 1.7: a save game feature, which saves the current state of the board, 1.8: restart game feature. Additionally, we will make steady progress on the rest of the user stories and design pattern implementations. We expect to begin User Story 1.3, 1.4, and 1.5 so that we can get help early with our issues. We are also on track to implement the entire UI, such as creating labels and buttons that we have specified in the MVC design pattern. We would like to implement the runMove button, undoMove, and saveBoard buttons in the UI, and would like to have them completely functional. 
4) Prajwol is implementing the UI(UserStory1.1) and the run_undo feature with command pattern and he started 1.4. He also implemented the runMove()button. Arushi is implementing UserStory 1.2 with MVC pattern through adding the successLabel, and added some code to runMove and Move. Additionally, she is implementing UserStory 1.3 with an Observable pattern. Osama is implementing UserStory 1.6 with Singleton pattern and UserStory 1.8. Jasmine is doing UserStory 1.5 with Iterator pattern and UserStory 1.7, and also successfully implemented the saveBoard button. 
5) Arushi completed UserStory 1.2 which included updating the successLabel when a move had been successfully completed. Prajwol completed UserStory 1.1., which included creating the UI, completed the Move command pattern, and implemented undo and runMove. Jasmine completed UserStory 1.7, which was the implementation of the saveBoard button. Osama started UserStory 1.8.

