SPRINT 2:
1. All group members (Prajwol, Arushi, Jasmine and Osama) attended all the meetings. In each meeting, we would get each other’s updates and discuss if there was any issue(s).
2. As mentioned in the sprint2.md file, 1 new user stories was added in this sprint (2.9). So there are a total of 9 user stories. All the stories have been completed in this sprint.  
3. A good practice we implemented was learning how to create separate branches to push our feature code into, before merging into develop. Additionally, we learned how to use the command line to duplicate a specific branch from our project, open it up in eclipse and edit it, and push it into our specific feature branch before pushing into develop. Another good practice we implemented was checking in with everyone almost everyday as to how much progress they were making on their user stories, so we did not have to finish user stories at the last minute. Furthermore, we communicated to each other when we were merging each other’s code into develop after doing a code review to others who wanted to merge their code in the future, so that they did not encounter merge conflicts before pushing their code into develop.
4. Learning how to not have merge conflicts for other features, after one feature merges their code into develop, since that would bring efficiency down for many other coders. Also would like to set dates that we should have features done for each sprint. For example, we should plan out meetings in advance for the week, and set deadlines as to when each person should implement their feature, so we are not rushing to finish parts at the end.   
5. Harmful Practices: Not being organized enough with group aspects of the project. We needed to be more diligent in splitting group documents such as this one along with documents such as sprint2.md, and finalproductbacklog.md among the whole group instead of having one or two members focus upon group components. Additionally, we needed to work on each component of the deliverables one at a time. For example, all of us should have submitted pull requests around similar times, so that we could have completed our code reviews as a group, and run over our design pattern document in an organized manner, since it may be done in a hassled manner.   
6. Best: Since this is the last sprint, we were able to see our features function as we wanted them to. In addition to this, we enjoyed working as a group and helping each other out. Additionally, learning how to deal with merge conflicts and learning how branching works was very valuable, and we are now able to work in a team to create new branches 
Worst: Since it was the final week of school, everyone has assignments to complete for other classes or other responsibilities they needed to adhere to therefore, we had the issue of having late meetings but it was not as big of an issue as last sprint as in this sprint everyone knew their tasks and responsibilities so they could work on it during their free time by the given deadline.

